Hot milk black tea
Hot black tea
Regular grapefruit green tea
Could i get a large thai milk tea with less ice
Get me a Honey Lemon green Tea with fifty percent sweetness and aloe vera and boba
Can I have a large honey milk black tea with pearls and less ice
Can I have a large thai milk tea with pearls and less ice
Can I order a black tea with boba, seventy five percent sweetness and seventy five percent ice. 
Can I get a large milk black tea with pearls and less ice
Hi can I have a strawberry milk green tea please? 
Hi can i get a regular roasted oolong milk tea with boba please
I would like a roasted oolong milk tea with no boba.  Regular sweetness and light ice.
Milk black tea
can i get a strawberry green tea with lychee jelly, large and fifty percent sugar and no ice please
Jasmine green tea
Almond black tea
I want the matcha milk tea with 25 sweetness, regular ice.  Please add pearls.
Red bean milk back tea
can i get the taro milk green tea hot with seventy five percent sweetness
i'd like the honey lemon green tea with aloe vera please, no ice and fifty percent sugar
Taro milk green tea, regular sugar and ice.  Big pearls please.  Large size
can i get a large lychee yogurt green tea with lychee jelly and no ice please
hi can i get a regular almond black milk tea with boba please, no ice and seventy five percent sweetness
I’d like to order a hot red bean milk tea with fifty percent sugar and ice.  I want pearls please
We want a regular strawberry green tea with boba and rainbow jelly.  twenty five percent sugar and seventy five percent ice.
id like the jasmine milk green tea with boba, no ice and twenty five percent sweetness please
Please give me a kumquat green tea with extra pearls.  Regular sugar and fifty percent ice.  Large size.
I'd like a large honey green tea
can i have the red bean milk tea with boba, no ice, a hundred percent sweetness and a size regular pls
Please make a lychee yogurt green tea.  No pearls.  1zero percent sweetness and Regular ice.
passion fruit green tea with lychee jelly twenty five percent sweetness and no ice
can i uh get the hot coconut green milk tea with aloe vera and no ice please thanks
honey lemon green tea with aloe Vera fifty percent sweetness and light ice
Iced Milk Black Tea with boba 
can i get a regular size oolong milk tea with pudding and no ice please
Strawberry green tea reg with boba
Large jasmine milk green tea with boba
hi i'd like a mango green iced tea with fifty percent sugar and fifty percent ice and lychee jelly and boba pearls please
May I have a Jasmine Green Tea with boba
hey can i get a large milk black tea with boba and no ice please
Can I have a Passion Fruit Green Tea with fifty percent sugar, less ice, and with boba
can i order a grapefruit green tea with aloe vera
can i get the roasted oolong milk tea with boba and seventy five percent sweetness please
Mango Green tea with boba and less ice
Can I get a large milk black tea with boba and grass jelly
Matcha Milk Green tea
hi i'd like to get the honey lemon green tea with aloe very and lychee jelly and twenty five percent ice
Red Bean Milk Black Tea with boba
hi can i get the peach yogurt green tea with lychee jelly and aloe vera and no ice, full sugar please
Can I order the passion fruit green tea with lychee jelly please
jasmine milk green tea with boba and no ice please
I’ll have a roast oolong milk tea, half sweetness, with boba
Can I have a large jasmine milk tea with lychee jelly and boba, twenty five percent sugar, no ice
jasmine green tea half sugar less ice
Large ice Mango green tea with aloe Vera and boba.  
large passion fruit green tea, half ice, no sugar
hi could i get a jasmine milk green tea with boba, less ice and half sweet
Can I get a mango yogurt green tea with boba? Thank you!
Give me a regular size passion fruit green tea with aloe Vera and boba, everything else regular
Can I please have a large jasmine milk green tea with a hundred percent sugar, zero percent ice, and aloe vera
Regular lemon green tea. Hot.  No pearls.
Hi, can I get the jasmine milk green tea with boba please? Less ice, less sugar.
Can I have a Jasmine green tea with boba?
I'd like an iced black tea with boba.  Less ice and less sugar please
Hello! Could I get a thai milk tea with boba please?
Large ice white peach green tea with grass jelly and lychee jelly.  fifty percent sweetness and light ice.
Milk black tea no pearls
Ice high mountain green tea with boba. seventy five percent ice and sugar.  
Could I get a honey milk green tea with pearls in a large size with less ice
Mango green tea
Can I get a pearl milk tea with no ice, no sugar.
Can I get a jasmine milk green tea large with lychee jelly and boba
I’d like to have Thai milk tea, hot, medium size, no pearls
Could I have plain black tea with grass jelly.  Regular size, cold.  Please give less ice 
I’d like to have Thai milk tea, hot, medium size, no pearls
I would like a pusheen tea please with rainbow jelly and lychee jelly combo
I'd like a decaf upside down caramel machiato
I order an almond green milk tea with little pearls.  Large hot tea with half sugar.
Large grapefruit green tea with big pearls.  Regular sugar and ice.
Can i get a honey milk black tea with boba
I’d like to order my favorite drink, jasmine milk tea and big pearls.  Half sugar and half ice.
Please get me a jasmine green tea.  Plain.  No sugar no ice.
Large Peach green tea with grass jelly. seventy five percent ice and sugar
Can I have a hot honey green tea please?
One regular mango yogurt green tea please! Can I get it half sweet, and no ice?
Medium honey due milk tea with small pearls 
I want to order a large coconut green tea, with pearls.  
Matcha milk green tea w almond milk and no sugar (guess who?)
Small strawberry milk green tea with lychee jelly.
I would like some jasmine green tea with no boba and fifty percent ice regular
Can I get a matcha milk green tea large with twenty five percent sweetness and one hundred percent ice with boba and jelly
I want a strawberry green tea hot with twenty five percent ice and fifty percent sweetness no boba or lychee jelly
peach yogurt green tea fifty percent sweetness seventy five percent ice and with boba and lychee jelly
Can I have passion fruit green tea with lychee jelly and half sugar, no ice
Regular size coconut milk tea with big boba.
Strawberry Milk Green Tea, Large, twenty five Sweetness, zero percent Ice, with boba
can i have a regular thai milk tea with bob a please
Kumquat green tea mixed with peach tea with pearls  
Large size Jasmine milk tea with regular pearls.  Less sugar and less ice
Can I have a large matcha milk tea with boba please
I want to order a Peach yogurt green tea with small pearls 
Large Grapefruit green tea, regular sugar and ice, please add pearls
Can I get a regular jasmine green milk tea with egg pudding
Roasted oolong milk tea 
Can I have large black milk tea with fifty percent sweetness and twenty five percent ice with boba
Can I order two regular jasmine milk green teas with seventy percent sugar and fifty percent ice
Can I order a honey green tea with lychee jelly with twenty five percent ice
Get me three regular peach milk teas with fifty percent sugar and fifty percent ice please
Two large almond black milk teas with pearls please
Give me a hot red bean milk black tea with lychee jelly and boba please
Hit me up with a regular mango milk green tea with housemade grass jelly
I’d like a honeydew milk green tea and add housemade grass jelly and aloe vera
Can I get a regular honeydew milk tea with fifty percent sugar and twenty five percent ice, along with a jasmine milk green tea with seventy five percent ice
May I order a large kumquat green tea with no sugar and twenty five percent sweetness
Honey Milk Black Tea fifty percent sweet no ice with boba and lychee jelly
One Peach Yogurt Green Tea no ice
Jasmine Milk Green Tea with no ice and regular sugar with pearls
Can I get a hot strawberry yogurt green tea with boba and aloe vera
I need a mango milk green tea, large, with pearls
May I have a large milk black tea with boba
Jasmine milk green tea
Regular Roasted Oolong Milk Tea with boba
Can I please have a honey milk black tea with seventy five percent sweetness and fifty percent ice
Can I get a large matcha milk green tea with a sweetness level of fifty percent and no ice
Get me a hot taro milk green tea with fifty percent sweetness
Give me a large almond black milk tea with boba and a regular coconut green milk tea with lychee jelly
Can I order grapefruit green tea with no toppings and a large thai milk tea with boba and fifty percent sugar
Can I get three passion fruit green teas including boba with twenty five percent ice
Can I get a strawberry yogurt green tea with a hundred and twenty five percent sweetness fifty percent ice level
I’d like a green bean milk green tea with housemade grass jelly
I’d want a large milk black tea fifty percent sugar with lychee jelly
A Jasmine green tea with no sugar and no ice please
High Mountain Oolong tea with lychee jelly seventy five percent ice and twenty five percent sugar with boba
Regular Mango Yogurt Green tea with boba
Can I get a grapefruit green tea with a hundred and fifty percent sweetness and aloe vera
Get me some aloe vera with that lychee green tea
Give me a Thai milk tea along with a green mango green tea with boba
May I have a strawberry yogurt green tea as well as two high mountain oolong tea drinks with boba
Can I get a Kumquat Green tea with some boba and a white peach green tea and add lychee jelly
Honey green tea with fifty percent sugar lychee jelly and no ice
May I get a jasmine milk green tea with lychee jelly and boba as well as two strawberry green teas with housemade grass jelly
Let me get a green bean milk green tea with boba and no ice and a hundred and twenty five sugar level
A thai milk tea no toppings
Peach yogurt green tea and a mango yogurt green tea with boba
May I get a green mango green tea with boba and a Thai milk tea with boba and twenty five percent sugar and seventy five percent ice
Can I get a big honeydew milk green tea with boba and a medium white peach green tea with aloe vera and five strawberry yogurt green teas with lychee jelly and seventy five percent sugar
I would like three roasted oolong milk teas large with fifty percent sweetness and no ice.
Can I have one matcha milk green tea with no sugar and one hundred percent ice and boba.
I would like two coconut green milk tea fifty percent sugar and no ice with lychee jelly
Can I get three almond black milk tea with one hundred and twenty five percent sugar and no ice
Two thai milk teas with no ice and seventy five percent sweetness no boba
A dozen jasmine green teas with one hundred fifty percent sugar with twenty five percent ice
Can I get one almond black milk tea with twenty five percent sugar and no ice in addition with one mango yogurt green tea with fifty percent sugar and fifty percent ice.
I want once milk black tea one hundred percent sweetness with fifty percent ice and also one taro milk green tea with fifty percent sugar and no ice
I want one grapefruit green tea with no sugar and no ice with boba and lychee jelly
Can I get one black tea with one hundred and fifty percent sugar and no ice with boba and no lychee jelly
May I have one white peach green tea twenty percent sugar and fifty percent ice with no boba or lychee jelly
I’ll take one coconut green milk tea with fifty percent sugar and seventy five percent ice with boba and lychee jelly
I’ll have one mango yogurt green tea and two black teas with twenty five percent sweetness and a red bean milk black tea with housemade grass jelly
Could I get a jasmine green tea with no boba and no ice with fifty percent sweetness and grass jelly on top