Peach and passion fruit tea, no sugar, medium ice with pearls 
I want a strawberry yogurt tea with lychee jelly
jasmine green tea with boba less sugar less ice
I’d like aloe Vera in white peach green tea.  Some sugar, some ice please
Mango Green Tea with boba, fifty percent sweetness, no ice
can i get a thai milk tea with boba
jasmine milk tea with pudding instead of boba, seventy fivesweetness, and fifty percent ice (hi an!)
Hi, can I have a regular jasmine milk green tea with boba.
May I have a large honey lemon green tea with lychee jelly.
Good afternoon, can I have a roasted oolong milk tea with pearls.
Can I get a lychee green tea with lychee jelly.
Can I get a hot matcha milk green tea with half sugar.
I would like a large passion fruit green tea with less ice and half sweetness.
Hello, I want a milk black tea with pearls. Regular sweetness and ice.
roasted oolong milk tea with boba, less ice, fifty percent sugar
can i get a mango green tea?
Can I get lychee green tea with lychee jelly and boba?
jasmine milk green tea
honey green tea
milk black tea with fifty percent ice, thirty percent sugar
passionfruit green tea with lychee jelly and boba, eighty percent sweetness, eighty percent ice
mango yogurt green tea
Can I get a green mango green tea, eighty percent sweetness and no ice?
honey milk green tea, thirty% sugar
lychee green tea with boba
peach green tea with boba
can i order a mango green tea?
Strawberry green tea with aloe Vera.  Large and no ice.
Lychee green tea with boba, twenty five percentsweetness
Lychee green tea with boba and fifty percent sugar
can i have peach green tea with boba, fifty percent sweetness
can i get peach green tea, twenty five percentsweetness?
Can I have a passion fruit green tea, fifty percent sweetness?
Can I have a jasmine milk green tea with fifty percent sweetness?
roasted oolong milk tea
Black Milk Tea with Boba
Can I have roasted oolong milk tea with grass jelly, twenty five percentsweetness?
mango green tea with aloe vera, eighty percent sweetness
taro milk green tea with honey boba and less ice 
Medium Honey Green tea with boba and aloe cera
almond black milk tea with one hundred percent sweetness and fifty percent ice 
thai milk tea with no boba and less ice 
I want an extra large white peach green tea with lychee jelly, extra jelly
Jasmine Milk Green Tea
Please make me a Large taro milk tea with big pearls.
Lychee green tea with boba.  Large size.
Red bean milk tea with half sugar and boba.
Regular size Milk green tea and aloe Vera with pearls.  
Can I get a milk black tea with boba?
Hi can I get a Thai milk tea no ice fifty percent sweet
Can I get a peach green tea no ice thirty percent sweet
Can I get a red bean milk black tea
Can I get a matcha milk green tea
Hi! Can I get a taro milk green tea with boba and no ice
Milk black tea sized regular with boba, less sweetness and less ice
Can i have a white peach green tea with boba?
Can I have kumquat green tea with boba?
Can I have a mango green tea with boba and lychee jelly, twenty five percent sweetness 
Thai tea with boba
Can I have a Thai Milk Tea with boba, no ice
Can I have a black tea, fifty percent sugar, no ice 
Can I have a passion fruit green tea with boba and lychee jelly, no ice, no sugar 
Honey Green Tea, no sugar 
I'll have milk tea with lychee jelly half sweet
Can I have a medium mango green tea with small boba with twenty percent sweetness.
Can I get a hot taro milk green tea with pearls and no ice 
Can I get a regular mango green tea with the least sweetness 
Can I get a large thai milk tea with boba
can i get a hot thai milk tea with aloe
Hi, can I please have a roasted oolong milk tea with no ice and one hundred percent sweetness.
Can I have Thai milk tea with boba? one hundred percent sweetness 
I’d like a Large Black Tea